tibae module for Qore
version 0.1 by David Nichols

The "tibae" module provides TIBCO Adapter support; it allows qore programs to send and receive messages to and from TIBCO Adapters (or implement a TIBCO Adapter in qore)  based on an external repository.

This module provides the TibcoAdapter class and associated constants and helper functions.

Note that early versions of these release notes stated that it was not possible to make an adapter that sent synchronous replies - this is incorrect, just set the subject to the replySubject key of the incoming message hash which should be an inbox (point-to-point) subject name.
* Linux: use the compiler required by the SDK version
* Solaris: qore must be compiled with the SunPro CC compiler in order to be able to use the "tibae" module.
* OS X: There is finally Rendezvous support for OS X, so hopefully they will support the Adapter SDK sometime soon

TIBCO ActiveEnterprise(TM) is a trademark of TIBCO, Inc.

Documentation in docs/tibco-module-doc.html
(built from docbook sources in docs/docbook/*)

test/example scripts: test/tibae-test.q test/tibae-listener.q


BUILD AND INSTALL
-----------------

Note that this module must be built with the compiler required by the TIBCO Adapter SDK in order for the "tibae" module to be built.

You must have both TIBCO Rendezvous and the AE SDK installed (along with the supported C++ compiler) before you can build this module.

Make sure that the:
*) RV_ROOT
*) TRA_ROOT
*) TPCL_ROOT and
*) EMS_ROOT
environment variables are pointing to your Rendezvous, SDK, TPCL, and EMS directories respectively before calling configure (EMS_ROOT only required for SDK 5.5 and above).

Otherwise you can use the --with-tibrv, --with-tibae, with-tibae-tpcl, and --with-tibco-ems configure options.  The "tibae" module will compile with SDK 4.* versions, but there are so many bugs in this version of the SDK (including some horrible dynamic memory leaks) that it doesn't make sense to use anything before 5.2.1...
Note that newer SDKs may work with HP-UX PA-RISC 11.*, so the restriction on building this module on HP-UX PA-RISC has been removed from the configure script.

configure
make
sudo make install

The configure script will find out where your qore module directory is found and set this for the install directory.

BUILD FROM SVN
--------------

reconf.sh
configure
make
sudo make install
